No.
I'll stop this murderer
I don't even want to beat you
I am not a murderer
The old man woke up after a blood transfusion
Then cry again
There is another
possible
Don't talk nonsense to me here
You have no blood relationship with Mr. Bai
That is to say, you are not Mr. Bai
supper
Nonsense
I'll fucking kill you
All I have to do is do one more thing to prove it
You and Mr. Bai can only learn how to prove it
In fact, the matter of the Bai family girl is also acceptable
I am a white girl
With my blood
I just now
Yes. What's wrong?
Mr. Bai
You just slept
How do you feel now?
Oh, dear.
Much better. What else do you have to say now?
Just now I was wondering
How can a grown man be anemic?
In fact, you are not anemic at all
And already knew
You have no blood relationship with Mr. Bai
I'm just afraid that things will be exposed.